[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Hello, my name is Darryl
Anka, and for the past 40 years,
I have been channeling an
extraterrestrial entity that we
call Bashar.
Bashar is a first
contact specialist
from his civilization,
which is called Essassani,
which is in a parallel reality.
If we were to overlap
their reality with ours,
his planet would be about 500
light years in the direction
of the Orion constellation.
He's brought through
a lot of information
to us over the last
40 years, and we're
going to explore and share
some of that information today
in this series.
My experience with
him began in 1973,
when I had two broad
daylight UFO sightings,
here over Los Angeles,
which started investigating
the idea of what
that was all about,
and led me to the understanding
that Bashar and I have
made an agreement to do this
channeling before this life.
So we would like to present
that information to you
in this series.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> And I will say good day
to you this day of your time.
How are you?
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> There was an early form
that you all branched off from,
but eventually a hominid form,
something similar to what you
have labeled Homo
erectus, evolved naturally
on your planet.
At that point, several
hundred thousand of your years
ago, an extraterrestrial species
that called themselves the Anu
did, in fact, come
to your world.
And they were in search
of certain minerals
to assist them in the
balancing of the atmosphere
of their own world.
Realizing what a
monumental task it was,
they decided to inject their own
DNA, being master geneticists
into several of the
hominid species that
had evolved to a certain
point and were similar enough
to them to transform into
those that could help them
in this endeavor.
Thus, they created from
the original hominid form
what came to be understood
now as Homo sapiens.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome.
I'm going to tell you a story,
a story about out humanity.
And like any good story, we
need to start at the beginning.
A lot of people want to
know what the beginning was
like for humanity.
So after channeling
for 40 years,
the information has often been
asked, where did we come from?
The way the story goes from
the information gathered
from the channeling
is as follows.
Many hundreds of
thousands of years
ago, the natural hominid
that evolved upon the Earth
that we often refer to
as Homo erectus existed.
And at one point,
the story goes,
an extraterrestrial
race visited the Earth.
They came to Earth
to mine minerals
that would help them create
a balance on their planet.
And in taking on
this task, they began
to realize that it
was quite daunting
and would take a long
time, longer than they had.
It was very important to balance
out the weather on their planet
with the minerals for a very,
very short period of time,
and so they needed help
in order to do this.
They began to look around and
saw the natural hominids that
had evolved here,
who were close enough
physically to the
extraterrestrials,
that they thought,
perhaps if we can somehow
train them to be of assistance
in mining these minerals,
the task will go faster.
But being master
geneticists, they
felt that a way
to accomplish this
would be to take
their own genetics
and inject them
into the hominids
and create them to
be a little bit more
like the extraterrestrial
race, so they would be easier
to train so that they would
be able to understand what
the task was all about and help
the extraterrestrials who were
called the Anu or the Anunnaki.
So they undertook a program
of genetic alteration, where
they introduced their
own genetics into Homo
erectus and other early
hominids and began to create
what became us, Homo sapiens.
A lot of people talk about
the idea of evolution,
and they talk about
the idea of thinking
that there must have
been a kind of missing
link between early hominids
and Homo sapiens, because there
seems to be an evolutionary
jump that occurred,
where suddenly, we gained much
more brain power, much more
brain capacity, and it
hasn't yet been fully,
satisfactorily explained
how that occurred.
It may be possible that
this so-called missing link
is actually the
extraterrestrials that
came to Earth so
long ago and injected
their DNA into the early hominid
in order to create Homo sapiens.
As humans were
created, then they
began to act as a workforce
to help accelerate the mining
operations that were
so important to the ETs
and allowed them to
accomplish their task
within a timely manner.
However, the idea is
that because the ETs were
so advanced, these early
humans began to kind of look
upon them as godlike
beings, and they
began to think of them as
something far above humanity.
Also, the ETs may
have acted to keep
the humans at a certain level.
In many of the stories that
exist in early documents,
such as the Bible,
these stories are told,
but they have been
sort of mythologized,
and I think they do represent
something a little bit
more literal.
When it talks about the idea,
such as the Garden of Eden
and how the gods
did not want humans
to be as smart as they are, to
know the things that they knew,
and how eating from
the tree of knowledge
caused them to be expelled from
the Garden of Eden, so to speak.
This may be a metaphor
for what actually happened
in terms of humans
seeing the gods
and wanting to understand
what the gods knew,
what the ETs knew.
But the ETs wanted to prevent
that because then they
would be like them, and they
would know the things they knew,
and they couldn't necessarily
use them as labor anymore.
They would want
independence, as any thinking
being probably does.
So they curtailed
their knowledge.
They curtailed their
ability, perhaps
even to learn that knowledge
by not necessarily turning
on certain markers in our DNA
and by leaving those markers
off, preventing us
from actually being
able to learn too much
of what the ETs knew
and how they operated so that we
wouldn't become equal to them.
So the idea is that eventually,
the extraterrestrials
on the planet that these
beings came from may have,
in fact, learned about
what these ETs had
done in creating Homo sapiens.
Now, as far as the
story goes, it's
possible that they have breached
their own laws by doing this.
It may not have been something
that they were actually
allowed to do in creating
a sentient species.
And so the story
goes that they were
recalled to their own planet.
And that from that
point forward,
once Homo sapiens
had been created,
the ETs that had recalled
the group that came to Earth
knew that they couldn't
just abandon mankind.
They had to guide them
from that point forward,
until they were assured
that mankind could perhaps
take care of themselves, could
understand basic relationships
and basic laws and
could create a society
that was self-sustaining.
And so the ETs sought to teach
mankind things like agriculture
and mathematics and so
on, so that humankind
could become self-sustaining.
But I think this is where
the stories come from,
of visitations from
the gods over time,
to lead us on certain paths,
to teach us certain things,
to watch over us and guide us.
And this relationship, I
think, solidified the idea
that eventually became the
religions of the world, where
we know that there is
something observing us.
We know that there is
something higher than us.
Now, this in no
way, shape, or form
negates the idea of the
spiritual nature of God
or the spiritual
nature of humanity.
But I think these things
have become enmeshed.
These two stories have become
intertwined and enmeshed
with one another,
and therefore, there
is nowadays no separation
between the idea
of God as a spirit and
the souls of humanity
and the idea of who created us.
But I think these are actually
two distinctly different story.
While we do have a
spiritual beginning,
I think we also have a different
physical beginning that
began, as this story tells us,
with the ETs that came to Earth
and created Homo sapiens.
But they have stayed
around to guide us
after recalling the
group that created us,
being that that creation
was against their laws.
So in guiding us, we
now have all the stories
of being led through
the desert, of being
taught how to build
certain devices,
how to create societies,
how to have relationships.
And this comes across
because the stories
have been intertwined, has
things like Commandments
from God, which I think in the
early days was simply teaching
humanity ways to live, ways
to understand how not to fight
each other, and so
on and so forth,
how to get along so that they
knew that they could eventually
leave us to our own devices, and
that we could build societies
that would one day
allow us to reclaim
our position among the
stars, being the children
of extraterrestrial beings.
So as the story goes, the way
the ETs gave us the information
that we needed is they
literally came down to Earth.
They taught us.
They showed us how to
do things practically.
A lot of the old stories of
wheels in the sky and fiery
demons landing on
top of mountaintops
and dispensing
information, can literally
be thought of as the ETs
coming down to Earth, showing
themselves and literally
sort of taking us by the hand
and saying, this is
the way you do this.
This is how you plant seeds.
This is how you
build these things.
These are the tools you need.
And when humanity
learned enough,
then the ETs sought to, again,
leave humanity on its own.
They may have guided
us with their ships.
They may have sent
messages down to Earth
now and then-- messengers who
gave us the information we
may have needed at that moment.
But they mostly started
leaving us to our own devices,
according to the story, so
that again, they would watch.
They would guide from
afar and over time,
have less and less
contact with us
to see where we would take the
information that they imparted
to us, to see if we
could survive on our own,
if we could learn to
build a civilization.
Now, of course, because of
all of the information being
at cross purposes in the
beginning, because they
had a different reason for
creating us than eventually
what came to be,
our independence
was really a very different
goal from what they originally
intended, the group that
created Homo sapiens.
So a lot of this information
has gotten mixed up over time
and lost over time in the
different civilizations
that have evolved on Earth, so
that we're not really sure now
exactly what is an indication of
what physically really happened
and what is simply a legend,
a story, a mythology.
And so nowadays,
we are attempting
to look back at history
from our new understanding,
with our education,
with our science,
with our evolutionary
understanding.
We're trying to
look back and say,
what can we separate out from
the stories and the mythologies?
What actually really
happened back then?
Because it does appear
that some of the stories
may have a basis, in
fact, but has become
wrapped up in the
mythology, in the legends.
And so it's very difficult,
very challenging nowadays
to understand what really
may have physically happened
from what may have been
embellished over time
for a variety of either
social or religious
or political purposes.
Because again, mankind
being left on its own
has to guess a lot,
has to speculate,
has to explore and
experiment and discover.
And some things that
we have discovered
lead us to believe now
that some of these stories
may, in fact, be more
literal than we thought.
Not all of them necessarily.
Some of them still
remain clouded in myth.
But we are digging down.
We are discovering new things.
And the more we seem to
dig up, the more history
seems to validate
some of these stories
as being things that
actually did happen.
Maybe not exactly
in the way we think,
but they do seem to
have a basis, in fact.
And we are now at
this day and age,
learning to slowly extract
the truth from the myths
so that we can learn more
about where we truly came from,
what is our actual history,
and how much did ETs really
play a part in creating
our civilization,
in creating Homo sapiens?
Because if that is
really true, and we
are the offshoot of this
genetic breeding program,
then our ancestors are both
the natural hominid that
evolved upon the Earth and also
the ETs that came to this planet
and gave us their DNA and
created what essentially
our hybrid beings, Homo
sapiens, in a sense,
may already be a
hybridized civilization.
This also leads to
the idea that we
may contain a lot more
abilities than we think.
People that exhibit
certain kinds of gifts--
psychic functioning,
precognition, telepathy,
so on and so forth,
may, in fact,
be exhibiting the result of
this extraterrestrial genetic
infusion into us so long ago.
So there may be things
and abilities that we have
that we can, shall we say,
take from what we were
given from the ET genetics.
And now that we are
investigating and expanding
our own consciousness, now
that more and more people
are exploring the idea
of what consciousness
is, what genetics and
DNA really are all about,
we have found that there
may be certain aspects
of our consciousness and
certain aspects of our DNA that
have been a mystery to us, that
we are now beginning to learn,
may have been the result of
this extraterrestrial breeding
program.
There's a lot of
things in our DNA
that scientists have been
referring to as junk DNA,
because they're not exactly sure
what it does, why it's there.
That may be the remnant
of the genetic markers
from the extraterrestrials.
As we discover
more about our DNA,
it seems that a lot more
markers that were dormant
are turning on, as we
expand our consciousness,
as we discover more abilities,
more awareness, as we explore
farther and farther out into
space and into the realm
of consciousness.
And we may be, in a sense,
recapturing our ET heritage.
We may suddenly have
more of the abilities
that the ETs were said to have,
that the gods were said to have,
so they could do all of
these marvelous things
that early humans marveled at.
But we may find that those
skills, those abilities
are inherent within us as well
as the result of the infusion
of the extraterrestrial
genetics that
created us to be the Homo
sapiens, the human race that we
are today.
When the
extraterrestrials decided
to inject their own DNA
into certain branches
of the early hominids that
naturally evolved on Earth,
such as Homo erectus,
they didn't necessarily
alter every single branch
of these early hominids.
According to the
information that's
come from Bashar
through the channeling,
those branches of Homo erectus
and other early hominids that
were not included in the
early genetic experiments
from the extraterrestrials
continue to evolve naturally
on the Earth and eventually
became what we now
refer to as Sasquatch.
So the idea is that if the ETs
had not intervened, had not
given their DNA to certain
branches of the early hominids,
and we had all been allowed
to evolve naturally,
we would all be Sasquatch today.
Now, the Sasquatch have
evolved, apparently to have
certain abilities as well.
They are very difficult to find.
And according to the
channeled information,
it is because they can
do something that's
called slip-walking, which
means they naturally evolve
the ability to shift in and out
of our dimension of reality.
They can hide
themselves this way.
They can avoid Homo sapiens
in this way when they need to.
And one of the reasons they
may be avoiding Homo sapiens
is because they
recognize that we
are the offshoots of the
extraterrestrials that
came here and changed their
early ancestors in order
to create this workforce, to
help them with this mining
project that they had.
And so they may
have felt that we
became a little bit too
alien for the naturally
evolved hominid, as they
continue to evolve along
a more natural path
and became Sasquatch,
which is the naturally
evolved hominid of the Earth.
So the idea of going back even
farther about where we came from
involves a concept
that scientists
have called panspermia.
Panspermia is the idea
that certain kinds
of biological elements,
elements of DNA,
can travel through space
on comets and meteors.
And when they land
on another planet,
they actually seed that planet
with that DNA material, which
can then, based
on the conditions
of that particular planet, allow
that DNA to blossom, to grow,
to combine molecularly, to
become the precursor for life
on that planet as it
happened on Earth.
So our DNA may have
originated on another planet,
another solar system, even
another galaxy entirely.
And when it arrived on Earth and
began the process of evolution,
as the molecules combined
under the proper conditions,
it may have given
rise to the beings
that naturally evolved
on Earth and eventually
led to the naturally evolved
hominid called Homo erectus.
At which point the Anunnaki then
changed that evolutionary path
by giving over to their
DNA the human species,
the Homo sapiens, creating us to
be something that sort of jumped
out of that evolutionary path.
The natural hominids eventually
evolving over the eons
into Sasquatch, may, in fact,
have watched all of this happen
from their own perspective,
from their own position,
and may not necessarily be
capable of really relating to us
because we became kind
of the aliens on Earth.
So we may eventually find that
we can communicate once again
with our ancestors, with the
Sasquatch beings, Bigfoot, Yeti,
by all the names they go by.
Eventually, as we
expand ourselves,
as we learn of our true
origins, as we relate
to the idea of nature
on Earth, as we become
less foreign, in a
sense, to the Earth,
by reclaiming and recapturing
our humanity, our ancestry,
we may be able to eventually
create communication
with the Sasquatch and
rejoin that particular branch
of humanity.
But we will see if
that happens one day.
This is a very complex story
with many different angles
to it, many different
perspectives to it,
but it is the story
overall all of humanity.
It is the story overall
of where we came from,
according to the
channeled information
that I brought through.
So it's a very
interesting story that
has many, many chapters to
it, has many different points
of view to it.
And it is something
that we can continue
to investigate until
ultimately, perhaps one day,
we will know the entire
story of humanity,
the entire story of our galactic
family that we belong to.
And we will be able to tell that
story to the next generation
and the next generation,
so they can continue
to evolve to wherever it
is humanity is heading,
perhaps going from Homo
sapiens to Homo galacticus.
Now, I have mentioned that
because of the Anunnaki's
introduction of their genetics
into the early hominid,
Homo sapiens became a kind
of hybrid species already.
And later on in
the series, we're
going to talk about another
introduction, another infusion
of extraterrestrial
genetics to create
a different kind of hybrid.
And this will
eventually dovetail
into the evolution of humanity.
But we will get
to that later on.
One other thing I would like
to add that goes hand in hand
with the evolution
of life on Earth,
is going back to
the panspermia idea
because people have
often wondered, well,
a lot of these
extraterrestrials come to Earth.
Why do they look so human?
Why are they so similar to us?
And I think, as the
channeling has explained,
panspermia can happen in
clusters in different areas
in the galaxy.
So that one kind of DNA
might infuse planets
in one area of the galaxy
and another kind of DNA,
another arrangement of
DNA might infuse planets
in another area of the galaxy.
So there might be pockets in
the galaxy of the kind of DNA
that when it finds the right
conditions on a planet,
may actually evolve
into humanoid species.
And that may be why a lot of
the extraterrestrials we hear
reports of also look very
much like human beings,
or perhaps even
more appropriately,
we look like them.
For example, Bashar's
people are humanoid,
but they are related
to us genetically.
And again, that may be
what a lot of scientists
are missing, because when
they say, well, why are
these aliens all looking human?
They may have had
the answer all along,
but really missed the point.
And that is that all the ones
that do look somewhat human
may, in fact, be
genetically related to us,
and therefore, aren't exactly
as alien as we may think.